# Foundation & Undergraduate    
**University Life**    
The main method of learning will be blended learning, where most of the content will be delivered through Blackboard. Although this depends on each school/major, most of the assessments are done open-book and online as well. But, students will still have lectures to review and discuss the content further, and mandatory in-person classes such as tutorials and workshops. The best way to adapt to this kind of blended learning is to make use of both the online & offline material & sessions. Through this [link](https://www.studentsupport.manchester.ac.uk/study-support/) you will be able to access the different services that the University provides to support you in your studies.  

The campus environment at the University of Manchester is quite open and surrounded by trees and small parks, making it a very relaxing atmosphere for students to study and socialize. Buildings range from old Victorian castle-like structures to modern architectures. Although some buildings are further than others, most buildings are located on Oxford Road and are all quite close to each other. For more information, you should check this [interactive map](https://www.manchester.ac.uk/discover/maps/interactive-map/).       

If you are looking for things to do at the university, you should check out the Students Union. The Students Union offer hundreds of societies and activities that you could join, although you might have to pay for some of them. Some of the societies will for sure be related to your hobbies or new things you want to try. and it’s a great way to meet new people from the University. If you are in need of anything, the Students Union’s Advice Service is available for any kind of issue you are dealing with. Additionally, it also provides great volunteering & part-time job opportunities for those of you looking to boost your CV.
